Names: Areeb Ur Rahman, Blake Cantave
1. The following widget tree implemented in the app has a depth level as follows: Widget → Scaffold → Column → Text → TextStyle. Widget itself lets us access the methods that are responsible for what is displayed. The Scaffold widget is responsible for the visual layout structure. Column helps to align the child widgets in a vertical line. Text displays the written text while TextStyle affects things like font, fontsize, color, etc. If an employer asked me to add a fifth tab, the first thing I would have to do would be to add a new tab in “tabs” list, which is located right at the beginning of the Widget block. Without this step, we wouldn’t be able to access the object itself to add stuff to it.
2. A stateful widget in the app would be the text field in tab 2 where the user can type whatever they want. A stateless widget would be the Cards on tab 4. If you were to swap their types, the text field on tab 2 would be annoying to use because it wouldn’t remember what the user typed. Changing the type of the card on tab 4 just adds unnecessary complexity to a widget that can be kept simple. 
3. If we shipped this app to the app store without calling _tabController.dispose(), it would keep the controller of all the tabs running in the memory, causing a memory leak. If left to run for long enough, or if there were a lot of tabs that the user was switching between, it would cause the app to slowdown, use excess battery power, and eventually crash. 
4. Flutter’s declarative approach is much simpler and therefore easier to maintain in large teams. Since all you have to do is tell Flutter what a widget needs to look like rather than building/modifying it yourself, it allows for much faster changes when in the middle of development. 
5. N/A
6. The RestorableInt tabIndex field and RestorationMixin allows for the Flutter app to remember which tab was selected should the app be killed by the OS for some reason. If the app did not have these, the app would start back on tab 1 every time the app died and the user would lose whatever they were doing in a different tab.
7. If we deleted the setState() line, the visible tap would not change as that specific line is responsible for notifying the framework that the state of the specific object has updated. This is one example of Flutter’s declarative approach, as with a single command, we can update what the user sees without much work.
8. Personally, I kept the for (final tab in tabs) loop in my app build, and I think that’s the best way to avoid the “tabs[i] and children[i] don’t line up” bug. When typing it out by hand, it’s easy to change one and forget to change the other, but with the “final tab in tabs” loop, you only have to worry about changing the tabs list. 
9. The widget “AlertDialog” was added in the body of the Scaffold, in the Center widget situated in the “for (final tab in tabs)”. A visual representation would appear as such: Widget build → Scaffold → body: TabBarView → for loop → Center. The reason for that specific placement is that the AlertDialog widget is only triggered when an action is performed (mouse click, key tap, etc), so it wouldn’t make much sense for it to be placed inside something like initState(), which is used to initialize the state of an object only once.